Add Playwright failure screenshot instructions (#38307)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/setup/javascript.md

If the browser application being tested is instrumented using [Browser Monitoring][3], the Playwright test results and their generated RUM browser sessions and session replays are automatically linked. For more information, see the [Instrumenting your browser tests with RUM guide][4].

### Upload test failure screenshots

> When enabled, Test Optimization uploads screenshots that Playwright captures when a test fails. They appear in the {{< ui >}}Media{{< /ui >}} tab of the Test Optimization test details side panel. Use them to inspect browser state at the time of failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, Test Optimization uploads screenshots that Playwright captures when a test fails. View the screenshots in the {{< ui >}}Media{{< /ui >}} tab of the Test Optimization test details side panel. Use them to inspect browser state at the time of failure.
```
